- This is concerning.
(bell dings)
Oh.
I heard a-
(bell dings)
Okay.
- [Gamemaster] Welcome, chefs.
You are trapped in this room.
If you want to leave, you must
bake a dish of my choosing.
And I will do everything
in my power to stop you.
- I burned my hand on the...
(egg thuds)
What the [bleep]?
What was that?
- Oh no!
- [Zach] Oh! I hate this.
- What's your name?
(Zach screams)
Text me the best pic of your buns.
Are we outside?
Am I going into a freezer?
- Are you about to strap...
What is...
Are you strapping me in?
- Oh no.
(dramatic music)
- [Gamemaster] It's now
time to escape the kitchen.
- Hello?
Oh. (chuckles)
Oh, we find ourselves back.
- Okay.
A kitchen.
Single box there.
It's maybe...
A couple of cameras.
Classic kitchen stuff.
It feels like maybe the
apron is the place to start.
(Zach sighs)
- This is good.
Okay.
(item thuds)
Oh [bleep]!
What the hell was that?
(item thuds)
- Ha ha! Okay!
If we can just take a second.
Stunning.
(dramatic music)
- [Gamemaster] Time to play cat.
(items crashing)
Knock 10 items onto the floor.
- Okay.
Meow.
- Hi.
Pay attention to me.
Two.
Oh, is that not enough?
Here we go.
- Meow.
(utensils clatter)
Meow. Meow.
- Six, seven.
- Meow.
Meow.
(printer whirs)
(Zach hisses)
Floor is lava.
You know the rules.
- Luckily you placed your stepping stones.
No!
On the floor.
- Oh boy. (laughs)
Oh no!
Ah shit!
I should throw the paper on the floor.
- Whoops.
Okay. This is good.
Here we go.
Oh, this is fun.
Okay, so we'll sort of
skate, skate, skate.
- Well, this is good
'cause one of my items
is a paper towel.
(Zach grunts)
Oh, I'm [bleep]ing smart.
- So that's sorta...
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm Vic.
Okay, it's going this way.
Am I looking for a clue?
Let me see what we haven't used yet.
(bell dings)
- Oh [bleep].
I'm not Jared, I know
what that sound means.
(Zach grunts)
A beautiful tomato.
- This is concerning.
(bell dings)
Oh, I heard a-
Okay.
Oh no.
(bell dings)
Okay. And I hear you.
Oh.
(bell dings)
Is this it?
This is card stock.
There is nothing on...
Nope.
And of course not.
Ding.
Is that this?
(bell dings)
Up there.
Where is that coming from?
I feel like I'm in "Grey Gardens".
What is happening?
Okay. I am hearing dinging.
(bell dings)
Ding.
Some food storage containers.
Is it up there?
Oh!
Oh no! Oh no!
(Vic screams)
No!
Okay. Ah!
Ha ha! Okay.
So we got this.
Perfect. Perfect.
(printer whirs)
- Printer.
Okay. Be cool.
(Zach grunts)
No, no, no, no.
Egg. We got the egg.
The egg is safe.
Printer.
Oh, okay.
I burned my hand on the...
(egg thuds)
What the [bleep]?
What was that?
- Step one, season.
(bell dings)
Season!
Okay.
Step one, season. Canola oil.
Okay, great.
So I need some sort of a bowl.
(bell dings)
(Zach grunts)
- Pickles!
I need to put you in a...
No, no.
Oh my god.
Oh...
I cheated. I'm sorry.
You're in jail.
- Oh shit. Okay.
Yep.
And here we go.
Season. Season.
Okay.
Bowl. Okay.
Cleaning.
Are these up for grabs?
Here we go.
Oh, you know what?
If we're getting fancy, let's get fancy.
(item thuds)
Okay.
- Open sesame.
Who's sesame?
Are you sesame?
Open sesame.
- Open sesame.
Open sesame?
Ah!
Oh!
We're making hamburgers.
We are making hamburgers, I'm 95% sure.
(Zach gasps)
- I found a thing.
A little sesame bun.
(Zach growls)
A key.
- Oh, gorgeous!
Oh, come on. Here we go!
No.
(bell dings)
No!
- Let's fricking party.
Now it's all making sense.
Okay, so eggs go over here.
Meat goes over here.
So step one, season.
I have to imagine that's
seasoning my meat.
Flop.
- Just need a little...
Okay.
We are gonna season this up.
This is nice.
Look at this.
Okay, so you really
wanna get the seasoning.
(bell dings)
This is gonna move.
Of course. Ha ha!
[bleep].
Okay.
Something fall?
Two, take four ounces of beef.
Gently gather into an orb
that is two inches in height.
- Okay, I need to get
the pepper onto the meat
without using my hands.
This is smart.
So now I don't waste gloves,
but I don't contaminate my ingredients.
I don't wanna like reveal
that I'm the world's smartest person here,
but I think I'm making a burger.
(printer whirs)
Want to cool this lava so you can walk?
Yes, of course, I want to cool the lava.
Please, room, please!
- Yeah.
I think I'm gonna, I
think I'm gonna have to.
- Hey, ya, Vic.
- No.
- Oh yeah.
- How's it workin' in here, huh?
I hear you got some lava
floor problems, huh?
- I do. What's your name?
- Me? Ah.
I'm Oswald.
- Oswald.
- Is this going on me?
- No.
You want it?
- No. No.
- You want some on ya?
I can do it.
Zachy boy.
(Zach laughs)
I brought a little bit of
ice for you to help you out.
That all right?
- Thank you so much, penguin.
- What'd you call me?
That's not my name.
Don't call me that.
It's Oswald.
- Yes, sir, Mr. Oswald.
- Thank you.
All right, you're gonna
do great, all right?
Keep working hard.
- Do you mean that?
(bell dings)
- [Oswald] I do. I believe in you.
- I really appreciate that.
- Hey, keep it up, Vic.
All right?
I think that ding means something.
- [Vic] [bleep].
- [Oswald] Better be careful.
- Is the floor not lava anymore?
- [Oswald] No, no. You're
safe to walk around,
but better watch this
conveyor belt close, okay?
See ya, Vic.
- Thank you, Oswald.
I could not tell you what was in this.
(bell dings)
Ooh!
Bacon.
Oh my god.
This is the fattest bacon I've ever seen.
Look at that.
(bell dings)
Ah, I don't want to contaminate.
I don't wanna contaminate.
(bell dings)
Away from the egg.
I have raw meat on my hands.
Oh, right into the egg. Ah.
I'm being responsible and safe.
Oh shit. Oh shit.
No.
Oh.
Today's video is brought to you by
Cook Unity.
Cook Unity connects
a diverse group of talented chefs
that cook delicious, inventive meals
fresh every day
in regional micro-kitchens,
not warehouse production facilities.
For Becky and I right now, we have a toddler running around.
Dinner can be quite challenging.
So this has been such an easy thing to have
for us sometimes throughout the week.
Just put it together.
It's reliably delicious.
I think something that's great about it
is they have
different dietary preference filters
you can sort of cater
your service to everyone's needs.
We love it.
First up, Chef Jose Garce’s
Cuban Lechon Asado.
That is honestly so good!
The pork is fatty and tender.
The sauce is
garlicky and a little bit
like tart and acidic.
So delicious.
We— We don’t have plantains enough.
Next up from Chef Admony,
the Middle Eastern Vegan Chili
with Tahini and green Sabzi rice.
Yeah, that's delicious.
I also feel very healthy
eating this without compromising on taste.
This tastes awesome.
But thanks to Cook Unity for sponsoring
this portion of today’s video.
Go to CookUnity.com/TryGuys50
to get 50% off
your first order of Cook Unity.
Try them for yourself.
All right, back to them.
(printer whirs)
- All right, perfect.
And...
Put these on chef of course.
- Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy.
What are you gonna do to me?
(bell dings)
Uh-oh.
Dark brown sugar. Okay.
- What do we think?
I kind of love it.
- [Gamemaster] Hop for the
prize, but not so high.
Both feet must stay on the ground.
- Oh.
What is this balloon made out of? Steel?
Oh.
(Zach laughs)
(balloon pops)
Sick.
(dramatic music)
(balloons popping)
(slow-mo yelling)
- Did I do it?
This looks so good.
For everybody keeping score
at home, do not worry.
The Red Bull Capri Sun Lemonade
is still completely intact.
There is no stuff in it, so...
- Oh, I didn't, oh, I didn't
put the [bleep]ing hood on, huh?
I thought I was...
Oh no.
I thought I was wearing the hood.
There's a little bit in my hair?
- Of course.
Dutch oven.
♪ Dutch oven ♪
That seems glued down.
Oh, of course.
Hello!
How are we doing?
What's your name?
For sure. Me too.
Vic.
- Chef's knife.
Oh.
Someone in that outfit silently
walking in with a knife,
I thought I was about to
have to fight for my life.
- Spatula!
Ah, thank you.
I'm going to call you Alex.
Kelsey. Nancy.
Nancy.
Thank you, Nancy.
Spatula.
Okay.
- Induction burner.
Thank you.
- Nancy, show me the cutting board!
Come on!
New Nancy.
I love that.
Thank you.
I know we haven't known each
other as long as the old Nancy,
but we're gonna be good friends.
I can tell.
- And this has my ingredients.
- Half a slab of bacon diced into cubes.
Okay.
This looks infected.
And I feel great about that.
But fun fact, bacon has no germs in it.
- Damn, that's some fatty-ass bacon, yo.
That's some thick cut.
- I had another cutting board,
and it's got meat on it,
but I had meat.
It's gonna be more meat,
so I think that's fine.
Food safety is very important to me.
It's sort of my number one thing.
And this is sort of-
(bell dings)
The most important part.
No!
Okay, hold on.
(bell dings)
Hold on.
Okay.
I have nine onions.
(printer whirs)
Dice all the onions?
That's nuts.
I can't.
- Who are you?
- Finally.
Music.
Oh, legitimate music.
Hello. Good morning.
What's your name?
(somber violin music)
- [Zach] 'Cause I'm cutting onions
and you think I'm gonna cry?
- I don't need to.
It's a really beautiful song now.
- You will continue chopping
till we see you cry.
(somber violin music)
It's so beautiful.
Ow.
Oh [bleep]. I didn't have to go that hard.
- Okay.
I'm a really good actor, so
here's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna manufacture this
because you didn't say how.
So I'm gonna act myself into crying.
So here's what we're gonna do.
Are you ready?
(somber violin music)
I just like...
Sorry.
I like, I think about like...
Being here with these onions right now.
And this is actually my
first time having seen onions
in a really, really long time.
(Zach winces)
- It's really lovely.
Not enough?
(somber violin music)
It is just so beautiful.
And the onions...
- Life's funny that way sometimes.
You meet people in the
most unexpected places.
I'm just happy we have this moment.
God.
Okay, there we go.
Do we still need four
onions for this recipe?
(Zach claps)
- Oh, thank you.
Ooh.
Step four! Yes!
Set a dutch oven over medium
heat and add the bacon.
- And cook until fat is rendered.
This looks like a crime scene in here.
- Step five, drain all
but one tablespoon of oil
from the pot.
One and a half teaspoons of mustard seed,
two and a half tablespoons
of dark brown sugar,
and a quarter cup of balsamic.
- Add onions.
This is so many onions.
Okay, perfect.
We don't have balsamic.
So what are we going to use?
I think the lemonade.
I want something with
sort of citrus in it.
- Three tablespoons of water.
I know it looks like this
is the tap water color,
but there is vinegar in here.
This is not...
Our pipes are fine at 2nd Try.
- Fun fact.
A cube of ice is perfectly
every time measured out
as one tablespoon of water.
Okay.
- [Zach] Stir, cover, and cook
for as long as you possibly can.
- But do not let it burn.
Don't let it burn, chef.
And I won't.
(printer whirs)
- Run with scissors?
I don't have scissors.
- Run with scissors.
(pensive music)
(Zach screams)
(Scissors giggles)
- Oh.
- Hi.
- Hello. How are you?
Okay.
Fun.
What have we got?
Running. Oh.
I'm catching ya!
Stop!
No, no! Wait!
- Am I supposed to follow him?
Run with scissors.
- Hey! Hey!
- I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
(Scissors giggles)
Come here, Scissors!
(Vic laughs)
(Zach laughs)
(Scissors giggles)
- What's your name?
Hey! What's your name?
- Here you go.
- Step seven.
I wanna make sure I have
all of these pieces.
Step eight.
Do you have anything in your pocket?
- [Scissors] No.
- Oh, bye, Scissor.
Oh, there he goes, back to the wild.
Oh.
Good luck, Scissor.
Oh shit! My onions!
- Whew.
Here we go.
Here we go. Okay.
- Onions. Onions.
Oh, they didn't burn.
They're beautiful.
The most beautiful onions there ever was.
- Add oil to a large cast
iron skillet over medium heat.
Doesn't say how much.
We follow our heart.
(Zach vocalizing)
If this doesn't have just a medium option,
I am going to cry.
440.
That is an oven.
We're talking oven temperatures.
I didn't even know you could
measure fire like that.
I thought that was an oven thing.
So 440.
So medium heat would be two.
That seems low.
That's it.
I would rather go low than go too high.
- [Zach] Place the orb
of beef in the skillet
and increase the heat.
- Using the spatula,
press down until it is half an inch thick.
This is seeming so hot.
Okay, we're cooling off.
160. That's the lowest heat.
This is obscene
- Cook without moving
until it's achieved a
deep, burnished crust
and carefully turnover.
I don't know if it's burnished,
but it does smell like it's smoking.
Does it need more oil?
It's like [bleep]ing burning.
Oh, that got worse.
- Is there another temp option?
Is this how this works?
I'm not burning it.
This is seasoning.
(bell dings)
Is that a yes?
What are these for?
- What do we have here?
A little bus tub.
(item thuds)
You're so violent.
You gotta get a therapist, room.
I know you're an inanimate object.
Catch.
(alarm beeping)
- [Gamemaster] Warning.
Ketchup.
Warning.
(gentle music)
- Oh! Oh!
Oh! Oh!
(Zach laughs)
Thank you!
More?
(ketchup thuds)
No! Oh!
Oh!
Oh shit.
Uh-huh.
Yes, yes. More please.
More. Yes, please.
Yes. Thank you.
Uh-huh. Oh, I love it.
Thank you so much.
More. More please.
Drizzle down on me.
Oh, thank you.
Too much.
(gentle music)
- No.
(Vic laughs)
For our mustard.
Our perfect mayo bucket.
- Now I know what it was
like to be my book cake.
That was crazy.
- Okay, so this is all set, I think.
Cooked through, perfect half inch.
My spatula.
Order!
(order printer whirs)
Up!
- Order number one, one
burger, onion jam, lettuce.
Ah.
Is that...
That's my bun, huh?
The bun?
- That is the bun?
The bun of that was the bun for this?
With the key inside?
- This is my bun.
That's...
You've gotta be...
There's no way.
(printer whirs)
- Okay.
Ho, ho, ho.
- [Gamemaster] Show me yours
and I'll show you mine.
(marble clanks)
Text me the best pic of your buns.
- Nance, you sick mother[bleep]er.
- I thought you'd never ask, room.
It's about time we take this
relationship to the next level.
- Here we go.
We have all this leftover meat.
I'm gonna make somebody
think that I am so sick.
(camera shutter clicks)
Okay.
- This is what we're working with here.
Are we happy?
Oh, thank you!
Oh, thank you, room.
Okay, I want a number one burger.
Onion jam and lettuce.
You got it!
- Oh, gorgeous pieces of
lettuce and some onion jam.
People are gonna try and be
cheap with the onion jam.
Not me.
Order up.
(order printer whirs)
Order number two.
One burger tomato, lettuce...
I only have one burger.
So I gotta make another burger. Okay.
Oh, no, I'm also making a cream soda.
No, no, no.
There's pickles on this one. Okay.
(bell dings)
I understand what's happening.
I understand. I got it.
Oh no!
Okay.
And this is better actually.
This is better.
- Oh [bleep].
How many times are you
gonna make me do this?
One burger, tomato, lettuce,
pickles, and a cream soda!
Okay, coming up, chef.
(order printer whirs)
Wait, I'm not done.
I didn't even do the first one!
Order three, one double cheeseburger.
Oh, we gotta stop letting
them order the doubles.
They're getting greedy.
(order printer whirs)
- Oh, no, you don't.
And you know what?
I know that that's
gonna be another burger.
So we are gonna go ahead and do this.
Nance.
No.
Nance, baby, help me.
I need your help.
You know I wouldn't ask if I didn't...
Okay.
We'll talk about that at home maybe.
- [Zach] Why am I putting
them down before I'm ready?
(bell dings)
Oh shit!
Buns, buns.
Buns. Too many buns!
- This is too many!
Because this is making me worried about...
(bell dings)
I don't have enough meat for this.
Thank you.
All done!
- Oh my god. So many buns!
What the...
How many burgers do you expect me to make?
- Double cheeseburger? No.
And a cherry soda.
Where do I...
Make sodas?
A soda stream?
Okay!
Okay.
Not the meat glove.
Oh no.
- [Zach] Okay, let's make some other...
(order printer whirs)
Ah, no, no!
Hey, hold the orders!
We're not ready!
Three cheeseburgers, one lemon...
Oh my god. Oh my god.
All right, you're gonna get in line.
I'm just gonna crank the heat real quick
to make sure that I don't poison people.
- People are not saying how
they want their burgers,
and so I'm assuming they
want the medium rare.
- Is this how I make soda?
I don't have time for that.
I got hungry customers.
- It auto turns on to 440.
That's our problem here right now.
People are gonna be (coughs)
So happy.
(printer whirs)
- Time is not your friend.
When the clock runs out,
you've reached the end.
What clock? What?
(bell dings)
Oh boy. Oh boy.
15 minutes.
- 15 minutes. That's actually great.
We're just gonna get a shit
ton of burgers on here.
Perfect burger every time.
And then just in case we
run out of burger meat,
we are going to toss on one of these.
Then here's the thing about customers,
they just simply will
not know the difference.
- One double cheeseburger.
Oh shit! Cheese.
Ah...
(bell dings)
(Zach screams)
Stop it!
Stop it.
You're being...
I can't multitask.
So this wants to be a cheeseburger.
That wants to be a cheeseburger.
Tomato, lettuce, pickles.
Oh, I didn't even cut tomato.
(Zach screams)
- [Vic] Listen, we're doing our best here.
Double cheeseburger, tomato,
lettuce, and pickles.
So we don't have pickles.
So we're sort of creating something here.
We want a little bit of the
tartness of that pickle.
- Oh, I touched the raw meat!
Oh God!
(order printer whirs)
Oh! And the orders don't stop coming!
Put me out of my misery!
Oh!
I have to wash my hands now!
Oh, I hate this!
Order number five.
Two burgers, onion jam, lettuce,
tomato, one cherry soda.
Oh!
I don't do well under pressure!
- Oh, come on.
Beautiful spread.
It's like nice.
It's light, it's airy.
That's what you want outta your ketchup.
We have 11 minutes, which is
way more time than we need.
Then we have our mayo.
And this, what we're gonna do
is we're just doing a little
dip, dip around the rim,
sort of like a margarita glass.
Just like that.
Pop that on top. Gorgeous.
- Time check. 10 minutes left.
You two are done.
Stay.
And now you fliparooski.
You off?
Sort of hot.
Pickles.
Let's give you three pickles.
You're a growing boy.
Mustard. Mayo.
You're gonna get a little ketchup
and you're gonna like that.
And you're gonna like it.
- Three cheese, two regos.
And I can also prep these.
One, two.
And this is completely empty,
so we are just gonna do this.
I love this plan.
Okay. This was a really good plan.
- Oh no.
Where's my slip? Where's my slip?
We don't have time for this, room.
We don't have [bleep]ing time for this.
Come on.
Where's the slip?
Where are you?
Show yourself.
Where's the slip?
It was three cheeseburgers with something.
Three.
Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy.
I know there's one more.
Oh, here it is. Oh, here it is.
Oh no, that's a clue.
Oh shit.
Is this it?
Oh my god. No.
Three cheeseburgers.
Okay, I gotta wash my hands again.
- Okay, cheeseburger.
Cheeseburger.
And of course, a cheeseburger.
And of course, a little bit of mixture.
Top bun, top bun, top bun.
People are, I think, not
gonna be excited at first,
and I do think they're
gonna try them and be like,
"Oh, that wasn't so bad."
Look at that.
Come on. That's not bad looking.
I feel really good about that.
- And then I gotta make
these sodas in five minutes.
Okay. Okay.
All right.
This is absolute hell.
I am in hell.
I have died and gone to hell.
- Cream soda.
Perfect.
There's water.
Okay. Oh, I understand how this works.
Okay, which one of these
do we think is cream?
Cream.
That's pretty good.
- Okay, we got a bunch of
sodas that we need here.
A cream soda.
One, two, three.
- Lemon lime soda,
cherry soda, cream soda,
Lemon lime soda.
This was something like that.
I'm getting so much better at this.
Cherry soda.
Okay.
- Double cheeseburger,
two cherry Cokes. Check!
- One cherry soda.
And then we have our burgers.
Okay.
- Everybody loves cherry soda.
Oh, oh, oh.
We're outta the cherry soda.
So we're just gonna go
ahead and water you down.
Everybody loves a
watered down cherry soda.
- Oh, time is up.
And good thing I am plated
before the buzzer even rings.
Look at that.
We are all done.
We are so far done that my
work has been down and done.
(buzzer buzzes)
(dramatic music)
- Time's up.
I've got the food, chef.
Don't you worry.
I wasn't gonna worry.
- Just put on a blindfold
and you'll get out of here in a hurry.
That is concerning.
- Okay.
We're done?
No little secret door this season. Okay.
How am I gonna eat all these burgers?
- I love this.
Okay.
This is good.
I think this went well.
Oh.
Nance, is that you?
Oh, be honest, I don't
wanna fight anymore.
Oh, come on, Nance.
You say so many words without
saying anything at all.
- Who's there?
(pensive music)
Okay, you have a gentle touch,
but just know if you [bleep]
with me, I have a knife.
- Are we outside?
Nance, am I going into a freezer?
Nance?
- Oh boy.
Are you about to strap...
What is...
Are you strapping me in?
- Nance, what's happening?
What is going on?
Are these shin guards?
- What could this possibly be?
You're taking my shoes off?
- These are shin guards.
Oh my god.
Nance, are we playing college soccer?
Are you about to put me
in with like the USC team?
- Hello?
Okay, I'm taking my blindfold off.
- Okay, ready?
- Oh, it's so bright.
Ah [bleep].
Ah.
- No.
- Oh no.
Oh no.
What are they doing here?
- Perfect.
Oh my god. Perfect.
Hello!
Welcome to the restaurant.
Okay, here we go.
And shoes on.
(upbeat music)
- [Gamemaster] Welcome
to the Escape Drive-in
where you can enjoy premium
burgers and bubbly sodas
all from the seat of your car.
Hold tight.
Our waiters will skate right over.
- Okay.
- [YB] Hello!
- Uh-huh. Here I come.
- Hello.
- Hello! Welcome to Escape the Kitchen.
- Over here.
- [Zach] Uh-huh.
What can I get for you today?
- I would like a burger, please,
with lettuce and onion jam.
- Burger with lettuce and onion jam. Yeah.
- [YB] You might wanna write that down.
- Don't...
Would love to.
I don't need to.
I don't need to actually.
Burger with lettuce and onion jam.
- [YB] Yeah.
- And?
- I get a burger with lettuce,
tomato, and some pickle.
- Of course.
And I got that.
I did decide I actually
will be taking that.
Okay.
Burger. Whoa!
Lettuce and onion jam.
- Double cheeseburger.
- Double cheese...
Double cheeseburger.
- Careful on the side
of the car. Thank you.
- Uh-huh.
- Double cheeseburger, lettuce,
mayo, mustard, ketchup.
- Yes. And you're going so fast.
And I love that for you.
- I'm in a rush.
That's why.
- How are we doing?
- [Customers] We're hungry.
- Hungry. Of course, of course.
- Can I get a burger with
lettuce, pickles, tomato,
and two cream sodas?
- Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
(car horns honking)
And I'm listening.
- Hurry please!
(car horns honking)
- Okay, so we got two cheeseburgers
with lettuce, tomato,
pickle, two creams, one-
- [Customers] No, it's four! It's four!
- Four burgers?
- [Customers] Four cheeseburgers!
(car horns honking)
- Oh my goodness.
I expect a big tip.
- Hello. Good morning.
- Me and my friend are very...
- You didn't tell me
you were coming today.
I texted you.
(everyone laughs)
This is actually really [bleep]ed up.
Ify got in a car accident,
and I was like, "Ify, are you okay?"
And Ify was like, "I'm fine,"
and then did not respond to my other text,
so we'll talk about that later.
- What can I get for you?
- What are you doing?
- [Ify] I think I'm gonna do a burger.
- Yeah, yeah.
- What kind of burger?
- What are you doing?
Can you close the door please?
Can you close the door?
- [Zach] I'm just gonna
get in here with you.
- Close the door.
- Oh.
This how y'all do business, huh?
- All right, all right.
I didn't know that was...
- Burger.
- Doesn't feel legal.
And this is locked.
If you could open this.
- No.
- I'm kind hoping to...
- No, I feel like you figured it out.
So that's on you.
- Okay.
- [Vic] Garrick, you have a great day.
Ify, [bleep] you.
- Yeah. Okay. Wow.
God damn!
- Ouch.
- Great service.
- Okay.
First car, we have a burger, OJ.
What does OJ mean?
Onion jam.
Here we go.
And rock...
- [YB] Oh my god!
(everyone laughs)
- [Vic] Whoo.
- [YB] That almost fell.
- [Vic] Almost being the operative word.
- And we're going to cream soda.
What the [bleep] is the cream soda?
Probably this one. Probably this one.
(car horns honking)
- Come on!
- These people have never
been to a restaurant before.
Where is their manners?
- And we're never coming back to this one!
- Good! You know what?
And you're [bleep]ing,
you're welcome to take
your business elsewhere
if you don't like it!
- Enjoy!
- This soda is so watered down.
- Thank you for noticing.
- Wow.
Thank you. Thank you.
- Hello.
Garrick, which one was yours?
- [Garrick] They're both the same.
- [Vic] They're both the same.
Okay. Perfect.
- [Garrick] Yeah.
- [Vic] This one is Ify's.
(everyone laughs)
Enjoy!
(car horns honking)
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Jesus Christ, bro.
Jesus. What the...
Oh, wow.
Wow.
- So we have here-
- Wow!
- Two cherry sodas.
- It just is wet.
- Wow! Wow!
- Wet-ass burger.
- Oh my god.
- You ordered the WAB, right?
- [Garrick] Yeah, I did.
- [Ify] Yeah, yeah.
- Enjoy!
- Oh.
- Oh no.
- Is that finally ours?
- Yep!
- Wait, are we missing a drink?
- Yeah.
- Another cream soda.
- Did you order four?
- Yeah.
- Cherry.
- No problem. Cherry soda on its way.
- I want my soda.
That is so messed up.
Hey, skates!
- And here we go.
One more soda.
Wow. I did a perfect job.
Everyone is so satisfied and so happy.
(Zach sighs)
- Okay, well I think
that went pretty well.
- [Gamemaster] Sit tight, chefs,
while our customers taste your dishes.
(pensive music)
- There's like nothing on it.
Like, no ketchup. Nothing.
- No ketchup?
There's no condiments?
It's so soggy I don't even want to eat it.
- I asked for mayo, ketchup, and mustard.
And look at like, it's like an insult.
Look how that bun just broke like that.
This is terrible.
- [Zach] Thank you.
- There's ice.
- There's ice on it.
- Oh my god.
Oh!
- Oh!
- [Ify] Oh no.
- Oh shit.
There's no meat in it. (laughs)
- No way! No way!
- What is that?
That's like a sliver of meat.
There's like a sliver of...
- Oh my god.
That's actually a pickle sandwich.
- Yeah, that's a pickle sandwich.
- Okay. It tastes like absolutely nothing.
- It's more like a wall of bread.
- I feel like I'm biting
into the side of a couch.
- Yeah. And it's so dry.
- I mean, you got our
patties, it feels like.
- You don't have meat?
- We don't have meat in it.
No.
- You gotta be kidding me.
- Ew. Okay, no.
- Just take some. Just take some.
Why is it pink?
- Mushy.
Are these cooked?
It's a no for me, dog.
- Oh, this is a no.
- Excuse me!
Your food is cold and soggy.
There was bacon in mine
that I didn't order.
- Cold and soggy.
- Yes.
- [Zach] Sorry.
No one's ever complained
about extra bacon,
which is kind of crazy.
- Well, I'm kind of allergic to bacon.
- No, you're not.
- Excuse me. There was
no meat in our burger.
There was no-
- [Zach] What are you talking about?
- There was no burger
in our burger.
- There was no burger.
It was just buns.
- What are you talking about?
Where did the meat go?
- [Ify] No meat.
- Where did the meat go?
And you know what?
When I find out who did this...
- [Garrick] Okay.
- I am livid for the both of you.
(pensive music)
- Okay, it's not as
soggy as the other one.
Oh, it's actually quite
warm on the bottom.
Mine's actually okay.
The onion jam is adding
a lot of sweetness.
Like, remember the other one
we were missing the condiment?
- Burger's not half bad.
It's not shaped in a way
that anyone should ever shape a burger.
But it's much better than the last burger.
- It's not bad, but it's not seasoned.
(Ify laughs)
Yep. Yep.
- That's meat.
- Yeah, that's meat.
- Okay.
- This one's not bad.
- You know?
- There's a decent amount of syrup.
Not really any carbonation.
- This burger-
- It's nice and cold.
- It is better.
- It is cold.
- It has seasoning.
The cream soda, it's still
like watery but a lot better.
- Look at that meat though.
That's actually a good
grilled meat, I think.
Maybe our bar has been lowered
from the first experience.
- Okay.
- [Gamemaster] The votes are in.
It's time to find out who
will escape the kitchen.
- Oh.
Oh, they're getting outta the car.
- Whoo!
- [Zach] Oh, they're coming to me.
- Oh my god. What a good day.
I didn't even see you earlier.
- Yeah. Yeah. (laughs)
- Well, I'm so happy that
you're both here on my birthday.
It's my birthday today.
I wanna get that out
in front right now.
- Oh, okay.
It's your birthday. Got it.
- It's actually my birthday.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Gentlemen, how was your meal?
- Oh, not great, man.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Not great.
So the onion was good.
- [Ify] It was a little moist.
- Moist.
- Yeah. Very moist.
- Super moist.
- A few thoughts on the burgers,
which I wouldn't have
because my burger got-
- [Vic] Dropped.
- [Ify] Thrown out.
- [Vic] Dropped. Fell.
- [Ify] Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah, I was a little distracted
'cause it's my birthday.
- Oh, okay.
I did get to taste Garrick's burger.
And it is a good burger.
Could've used a little more seasoning.
The soda was good though.
- The soda was fantastic.
- We liked the soda.
- Oh, thank you.
- Yeah, that was really good.
- Oh, good.
- [Garrick] Good for you.
- I made that myself.
- You did?
- [Zach] I bubbled it and I squirted it.
- You bubbled it?
There was bubbles?
- Yeah...
We were missing that.
We rate the quality of
food, which was great.
But we also rate service.
- [Vic] Right.
- [Ify] And you were mean to me.
- We're gonna tally the
votes from all the customers
on whether or not you escaped.
Did they escape? No.
- [Zach] Which car was that?
- Did they escape?
Yes.
- Come on. (kisses)
Thank you.
- Did they escape?
So that's hard no.
- That one said "hard no."
This one said "absolutely not."
- [Ify] Yeah, yeah.
- That must have been from you.
- Did they escape?
No.
- No? That was you?
- This one says no.
And I remember it's me 'cause I drew it in
just in case they didn't see the X
so that you knew I meant no.
- But, Ify, 'cause I remember
all the things you said
that you loved about it specifically.
- Yeah.
Did they escape?
Yes.
- Okay.
- Did they escape?
Yes.
- And then no and then no.
So no.
No, you don't escape.
- [Ify] Yeah, you stuck in the gulag.
- [Garrick] Yeah, get back in there.
- [Ify] Yeah.
- So how many...
A couple yeses.
- No.
- [Garrick] No yeses unfortunately.
- That's great.
- Yeah, that's a perfect score for nos.
So congratulations.
- Oh my god. Thank you.
- [Ify] Here we go. There we go.
- [Vic] Thank you so much.
Appreciate it.
Ready? Here we go.
- He's so strong.
- [Vic] Thank you, Ify.
I'm gonna be in the driver's seat.
- [Ify] All right.
- I love this.
- [Ify] Okay.
- I love this car.
Thank you for my prize!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- [Garrick] Yep. Happy birthday.
- [Ify] Happy birthday.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- You gotta get back in there.
- You stuck.
- Can we call it a maybe?
- [Garrick] Ah, no.
- [Zach] Can we call it a...
Okay.
- It's no.
- Okay.
- [Garrick] It's a no.
- You know what?
I'm gonna come with you
guys and actually...
And I know for a fact you
like bacon and that is crazy.
You can leave.
You're fine.
You're able to go.
Uh-huh. Yeah, very good.
And then gentlemen, here I come.
Guys. Guys.
- It's a no, buddy.
(Ify and Garrick laugh)
- Okay.
And you three were my favorite.
And we're just gonna go
ahead and grab a hold.
Here we go.
Away we go.
Okay.
(Zach sighs)
All right, let's go clean the kitchen.
(intense music)
- Look at this.
- It seems like it’s an escape room.
- No!
- [Marissa screaming]
- [Keith] It’s really more of a torture chamber.
- Are you strapping me in?
- You really had breakdowns in there.
- [yelling] You know what we do with pirates?
- I was having a hard time.
- [Vic] Hey. Hey!
- [Joyce] What the [bleep] is this?
- [Jonny] There’s a full-grown man dressed in a chicken suit.
- [Vic] I did a perfect job.
Everyone is so happy.
- (honking)
- Come on!
- It’s impressive how bad you [bleep] this up.
- We find ourselves at the start of this mountain path.
- It’s Love At First Bite!
- I’m ass up.
- I couldn’t stop myself from peeing,
and peeing, and peeing, and peeing,
and I pissed all over myself.
Chefs.
You're not done yet.
No! What?
You should go on Instagram
and say the Try Guys gave me diarrhea.
I'll do that
even if it doesn't happen
You must review your failures
A kind of impressive lack of flavor.
Oh it's stunning.
And face the consequences of your actions
What the [bleep] was going on with the eggs?
Vic, do do I have your consent
to show a tasteful nude? Yes.
I can’t wait!
It's now time to escape the aftershow.
you declared that you were raised
by a single father and would never cry.
right? So I think I won
(bright music)